
so the counselling service we offer deal with any problems arising from your studies, or in your life outside of the university.
Let's take accademic councelling.
If you're confused about the subjects or how to combine them in your degree, we can advise you and disscuss the career you're aiming for, so that you can see it all in context.
We can also chase up your tutor if you're not getting proper feedback on how you're getting on in your subject.
Beside help with accademic problems, you may also need personal counselling.
If you think you're already under the stress, well, just wait till classes begin next week.
You have to start ajusting to the teaching and learning methods that may be unfamiliar to you, as well as the mounting pressure and the deadline for that first assignment creeps up on you.
And of course, you have to cope with all this without your usual social network - your know, the social contacts, family and friends you could normally rely on for help.
All of this causes anxiety.
Studying overseas can trigger a personal crisis.
You may have left a lot of what you might call unfinished bussiness back in your own country.
Or you may have interrupted your personal relationship or even somtimes broken them off to come overseas.
And so the students often feels lonely, unhappy, unmotivated, and unable to concentrate on study.
Or there may be other things bothering you.
Our resident chaplain can offer you spiritual guide if that's what you want, or we can put you in touch with community group that can provide you social contacts and friendship.


It effect nearly everyone to some extent, but especially overseas students like youselves.
There may be a huge amount of family pressure on you to succeed.
And if you fail a subject or drop out of a course because it's too difficult, then your self-esteem can suffer.
But it's not the end of the world if you don't pass an exam.
I had to resit First Year Anthropology, so i can certainly offer you a sympathetic ear.
Anyway exam falure can lead to worrying changes in the way you normally behave.
You may also be off your food, or you may have dietary problems because the local food is not your liking and upset you, and this can affect your health and studies.
Glenda Roberts is our dietician in the Health Service, and we can put you on to her.
But remember, full-time students can get a low-interest loan of up to 600 dollars to buy books and for similar study-relative expense.
That's right, and you can get double that amount if you can't afford an item of equipment for your course, so, musical instrument, for exampel.
That doesn't stop there.
When you move into a flat, starting-up expense, including furniture for it, can be covered by a loan, through the Welfare Service.
Well, last academic year, in spite of staff cuts, we counselled 240 international students for a total of 2600 hours counselling.
And finally, we won't own the just one of the twelve pit

Not too bad for an understaffed service, don't you think?








------

I'm interested in the holidays you offer along the coast near here.
we operate several tours up the coast.
Where in peticular you want to go?
Well, i like the sound of the holiday that mentioned whales.
Was it termed Whale Watching?
It's very popular, and it's based in a lovely little town with nice beaches.
Oh, right, and how long does it last?
It's two days - that includes four hours' travel time each way from here.
Good, i don't want to be away any longer than that.
We like to keep those tours small and personal so we don't take a whole coachload of people.
In fact, we only take up to 15 people on this tour, although we do run it with just 12 or 13.
So do you run these tours often? 
Of course in peak times like the summer holidays we do them every weekend, but at the moment, it's usually once a month at most.
There's one in three weeks time, it's April the 18th, and we don't have another one until june the 2nd.
I have to say though that the Whale sighting is only one of the many things offered.
The hotel itself where you stay has great facilities.
It's right on the main beach there.
All of room have nice view and the food is really good there too.

Oh, there are lots of things.
If you don't want to do what the way included, your guidebook will tell you anyone interesting along the bush wood through the national park near the hotel, and they are not in charge. or in the fishing trip.
If you don't want to do the Whale watch cruise, your guide will take anyone who is interested either on a bushwalk through the national park near the hotel, and there's no extra charge for that, or on a fishing trip.
And there's also a reptile park in town - that costs more or less the same.

And if you just want to relax you are free to sit by the hotel pool or go down the beach.
Oh, and they also have tennis courts at the hotel, but you have to pay for those by the hour.
But there are table tennis tables downstairs and they're part of the accommodation package.

so how much is the basic tour price.
At this time of year it's usually around $300 but let me check.
It's actually $280.
And the next tour, are there any places on that one?

How many people is it for?
There are two of us.
Can i just mention that we require all booking is to be made at least 14 days before you travel to avoid cancelations of tour.

And if you cancel within seven days of departure you will have to pay 50% of your total booking.

And you also need pay a 20% deposit at the time of booking.
Can I pay that by credit card?

All right, what I'll do is I'll talk to my partner and get back to you.
So I'll make a provisional booking, shall I?

Two forty Whale Experience.
Two for the Whale Watch Experience.
Let me issue you with a customer reference number for when you call back.



----

Hello and welcome to today's 'Buyer Beware' programme, where we give you some tips on how to spend your money wisely.

Now, in today's show we're looking at beds for children and babies.
Let's start by looking at baby cots, that's for children of up to three years old.
We tested three different cots all in the budget price range and, as usual, we will feature the good points, the problems and our verdict.
The first cot we look at is 'Baby Safe', and it have several good points to recommend.
Our testers liked the fact that it had four wheels, so it was easy to move around.
The only slight problems with this cot were that it had no brakes, but they didn't think that mattered too much.

At first they were a bit concerned about the side bar, because they felt babies could trap their fingers in it, but our testers felt that this was unlikely to happen so they have given this one a verdict of 'satisfactory'.
The next cot was by Choice Cots and this time our testers were pleased to find a cot which is simple to put together - unlike others we looked at.

On the minus side, our testers did not like the fact that the side of the cot did not drop down, making it difficult to pick up newborn babies.
However, the real problem with this cot was the space between the bars; our testers found they were too wide and a baby could easily trap his head.

We found this was real safty hazzy and so we reliable this one as dangerous, I'm afraid.
We felt this was a real safety hazard and so we have labelled this one dangerous, I'm afraid.

And finally better news for Mother's Choice Cot.

This cot was slightly different in that, although the side bar did not drop down, the base could be raised or lowered into two different positions making it safe as well as convenient.

The negatives for this one were quite minor; the only niggle everyone had was the fact that it has no wheels and the only other problem anyone could find, was that there were pictures which were simply stuck on and so could easily become detached.

The makers have now promised to discontinue this practice.
As this cot will then be safe in every way, we have made the Mother's Choice Cot our best buy.
So, what features should you look for in a baby's cot?
Well obviously safety is a very important factor as well as comfort and convenience.

We recommend that, if you are buying a cot, do make sure that any metal present is not rusted or bent in any way.

You should ensure your cot has only round and smooth angle without any sharpe edge, this is especially important for wooden cot.

You should ensure your cot has only rounded or smooth edging without any sharp edges, this is especially important for wooden cots.








