

Speaking
------

1. Describe a person.
She likes watch movices a lot. Every weekend we would watch movices together, and share some thoughts about movices, which is really fun for both of us. And I never feel bored being with her. She is very polite to everyone. She would say hello to her colleagues and neighbors friendly and always tries her best to help with things at work. Lots of hobbies occupy her spare time, such as cooking. Sometimes she would bake a cake for my birthday and fry some eggs or even make french toast for me in the morning, if I stay over at her place. So I often feel touched and think that having her as a friend is really good.



2. Describe a place.
Every morning, I can see the bright and warm sunshine, and it turns into different colors, when shining throught windows. Also, I like looking at the blue sky and white clouds in the sky. There are even some rivers and lakes in this city, surrounded by many trees and flowers.
They are very beautiful. There are also lots of tall and modern skyscrappers with different shapes and designs. I can see the crowed roads where there are many cars no matter when. Other than that, here you can find many fashionably designed museums and colorful amusement facilities. They just look fascinating.


3. Describe a place.
That was a winter and we took a road trip along the coast of a city. The landscape I saw there was breathtaking. There was beautiful white snow everywhere, making the city look like a wonderland. The sky was clear and blue the whole time, thanks to the nice weather during my trip. In the cities, you could see that the houses were quite low and in different light colors, such as pink and warm yellow. Among all the modern shops and houses, you can also see lots of well-preserved old buildings, which showed its' unique culture.


4. Describe a event.
It makes my spare time more interesting. You know, I often sit on my coach and watch the TV. It's very easy to use, most of the time, I like to watch movies and TV series on it and they are all clear and high-definition. Sometimes I will use the screening function of it to play some videos in my phone on the TV. It's really functional. Plus, It can also play songs or music videos.





































